I am not discussing what happened ten years ago but about what happened five years ago:
Five years ago, things here were really scary.
Drought, high temperature, strong wind.
The dry soil was easily blown away by the wind.
They set up a plan so that we can move to another area.
The land became fertile again.
There has been tremendous progress in comparison here.
Our fruit trees had withered before, but now they grow again
The number of species is even greater than before.
These are indeed very good results.
We now have food security guarantees.
Our children can go to school. We have a better life.
We no longer need to ask the government for support and help...
...Thanks to the changes brought about by the actions implemented
The wild animals that once disappeared are back.
Even the leopard is back.
I am from that area.
Will he come tomorrow? -Yes, tomorrow; he will come.
People don't understand this project very well. They don't understand why they need this project.
They want us to plant trees everywhere.
Even on good fertile land.
Even there.
Okay, what about the next generation?
You cannot eat trees.
The purpose of this plan is to put a "hat" on the top of the mountain
Wear a "belt" in the middle of the mountainside and "shoes" at the foot of the mountain.
Planting a tree on the top of the mountain can also put a hat on the top of the mountain.
Terraces are like belts in the middle.
A dam also constitutes shoes.
So that everything can grow again...
The economy and our lives will improve.
You must trim them at the top and place them around the saplings.